this this click that's good I don't know if it's
exactly what you sent me
but if it is what Cheto saw you live in
Sara's building that's what it is that's what
happened to me I
confess what happens is that in the car he does
n't welcome me in his house I do
n't know why he did that I have that hair
also called we use the same
shampoo that we use in a shampoo that you're going to
see they sent me a click from Cheto
being totally disrespectful to Aaron
and with the very respectful invitation time still
one thing is to skate man but now
this I think that there are times when you do
n't want to disrespect me either
but you have to shut up a little you have to
shut up guys what
if these sued is the click that I've
seen or rolling on twitter and below
that disrespect seems too much to me
man it seems too much to me let's see it
careful because this video is sponsored
by Letty Shop for those who don't know
Letty Shop it is a very simple service
super basic and super easy to use
with which you will get  return
a percentage of all the purchases you
make online at your
favorite stores you simply have to
register by entering the link that I
left the description or even easier they
will install the application for the mobile or
install the extension for the browser
that I also leave you the description if you
usually only buy in
online stores as in the case of almost
everyone by having this
extension active or by having clicked on the
lety shop link for each purchase you make you
will be returning part of the money you
spend in your favorite store because
the truth is that almost all of them are there and
in that component they make up almost all the
most important ones are there so it doesn't
cost you anything to click on the link install
the application or install the
browser extension because well they will
return money to you who doesn't want
free money but this is not all because
maybe you tell me that you already know lety
but that it really catches our attention and
if I also tell you that for everything
you buy right now through it
apart from a cash back or in other words money you
will be entering the draw for some
incredible products a macbook an imac
a  ipad an iphone 12 an
electric scooter an ms pc
and another mystery gift simply for
buying for every euro you spend you
will have a participation ticket who
wants more who wants more go to the
description right now click on the link
of the 'floor or install the application
again the same one spoke to me
yesterday mister cheto that's all thank you very much
welcome king made
unpleasant comments towards the fbi
little reminder that if you like cheto
or excuse his comments with
that it's humor and he was with his blocking friends let's
see I'll tell you the context they told him
blond irina was watching live
surely the thing about the two month old son
vegeta will come out I'll suck you suck your [ __ ]
sales and I would eat aro's [ __ ] if
you could
the ball like that let's see if they publish
music now now let's see
look at these maximum at the fbi one hundred I
hope I know who this is neither this one nor this one nor this one nor
this is the one who edited
this image
this one doesn't have it
either neither blond and another one that does
n't have
music either
[Laughter]
in the morning
more cover is worth a pile I already saw them more covered
paulela the faces  the faces to the tapas
but come on incredible no how ugly god
I wouldn't feel good at all if someone said that to me about
my wife more than you know that they are a
couple
couples do things no but it is an
incredible lack of respect for singles or
the girlfriend in front of 20 all let's see
how many thousands of spectators they had
or rather the comment is regrettable man
how regrettable it
would reappear and respectful to say it in
private since I would feel terrible I would
feel terrible saying it in private
who the [ __ ] thinks of saying that to
someone not even in private against an
image a live god you
hear it live like on the
speaker for a moment okay
if it doesn't exist worried but I'm
playing someone wants to be a millionaire and
hey you know pauline the heroine and
singer of the group that sings the
song of the 'super mario' odyssey in which
games did it appear for the first time
so you brute
after this there are four options
mario tennis 6 super smash bros that doesn't
look good and donkey kong or mario vs
donkey kong
[Music]
okay well
but worse are those who laugh so as not to be
bad
is fatal god to invite him
anywhere else
this kid doesn't know how to be in the Alhambra
yeah
well
[Applause] I'm
going
this doesn't seem stupid to me
but going less what they are in
numerous cities [ __ ]
you don't do this
nonsense this is very ugly the
other thing is very very ugly
[Laughter]
at what moment of terrible
bray thank you very much king thank you very much
welcome
and you have no filters but one thing is not
having a filter in a funny way and all
but another
is disrespecting a friend and the
girlfriend of a friend let's
see if they send me the click without covering my
face
one thing that you don't have a filter that is
funny fun whatever you want to say
but another thing is to me that seems like a
lack of respect literally
yes
[Laughter]
tomorrow
[Music]
within reach
thanks love me boomer
call me boomer but I don't see the
joke
until you also give me the answer no
to all this
and then
but
data I
came
to see what they tell me that you send me something else
to enjoy
[Laughter]
jose
to cea levy to eat some [ __ ]
today  this blessing
on the sweetest person a cupcake
let's see what a laugh that the shirt
like me never what to
ask for of spirit fixed such well notice
one thing he put in him looted so scratched he is
so uncomfortable they are cut that there is no he has not
exploded he has not reacted you
understand me do you remember the sudden that he
has an allergy at any other time
the FBI would have exploded
at any other time the FBI would have
exploded and would have started
insulting him to tell him a tremendous nonsense
but it is that he will not like it hoop already cheto
xd well
I imagine that he will think that it is well how
handsome that is but if he thinks so one thing
is to say how handsome he is of the eres and how
envious Levy will be and eat a [ __ ] I do not know it has been
left in sight it has been
scratched else it has been short it
gave me here if it was not seen to
get angry things as they are
now
that you say
well
but
[Laughs] they
are friends and we do not have any kisses right
the other problem is that he says it
literally live there are 20,000
people in a few hours there will be more who will
see the  clip as a spectator and for the
prose and for the person himself he felt
uncomfortable imagine how one
imagine one as a spectator well
so clear that I saw them is that I had to
sit fatally the worst is that after he
left he spoke to him again about the subject
as if he did not care instead of
clarifying the subject that being drunk
is not an excuse to make
the spectator and the same person feel uncomfortable
and that he is disrespectful you were not there
guys for this it has no blood or rather
you start insulting because a
youtuber that you do not like appears in the chat or
because they throw you off a little boat playing
half a game and for this it has no blood
the fbi
are the moments the sheiks of blood no
if this that challenged to
challenge undefeated would not place the
kids welcome more than anything
through this that I was thinking paulo today
repeating the memes well very bad guy
very bad I have been left with a bad taste in my
mouth I have a bad taste in my mouth the
truth